All right, so let's work on the sidebar here.
So we're going to create an admin menu.
So this one.
We're going to actually use you to call it admin now.
All right.
So let's cut that from you.
We don't need that here.
Cut from here and create a new for inside components.
And it's called NAV.
Instead.
Now let's create a new file called and minute later we're going to have alternative and subscribe in
there as well.
So I been there.
So we want to import layout from and
const slider was filled out with destructor and then we created components of const admin nav.
So you want to return for the moment?
Let me just return the sidebar for now and then export the default admin nav.
All right.
Now let's import this one to admin.
It's also put on top
import and now from.
So that is just one step of inside nav admin.
Then and mean no.
All right.
So Sizer, now we replace the sides with admin.
Basically it's the same thing we have decided here.
So you see it's the same thing.
But if you are just going from it's called admin side.
All right.
So you can see it works.
Now for the sidebar, we can use this another menu items so it's come here menu.
They have the menu here in the component to exclude you.
So we are going to use this.
This is the top navigation.
Now we want to use something like this on the sidebar or something like this.
So let's use this one.
This is pretty nice.
And you can see you can collapse as well.
So we're going to later dynamically detect the the browser with the user.
And if it is too small, we can collapse as well.
It's pretty cool.
All right, so let's grab this code from here.
So we could manually write all this code.
Basically, it's the same thing.
Previously we used it in the top navigation.
The only difference is this menu.
It has the orientation.
Let me say that one mold in life.
More in.
Now if we have a look at the previous one we used in the talk, now this one.
Maltese horizontal.
Most of that trade is horizontal.
But this one is more in line.
Because it's just on the side.
Otherwise, basically, it's the same thing.
It's the same many component.
All right.
So let's go ahead and copy this call.
So you see this component here, exemplar.
You open this one so the core and you can copy from here.
All right, so it's copy then.
And let's go to Edwin.
Never too under there.
And now we can post here.
Now, let me just actually remove all this, slip this one and and move on that space to you.
That way it's much easier to remove this one.
And now we want to choose the component name it's using plus component so we can change that as well.
Just leave it like this for now.
So we have the admin nav component.
All the inputs are held, the icons are imported.
Minion button is there.
We have the state collapse.
So this collapsed is needed for this control to collapse and open.
All right, so it has the Boolean value false.
When it's true and false, it will collapse and open.
All right.
So you can see total collapse on click.
We executed this function and this function will basically change the state to collapse.
If it is collapse, it will, you know, not collapse, otherwise collapse into told the value to and
false.
All right.
So that is something that we can even write in line.
We don't even need this function here.
So we're going to make that change.
We're going to change this to a functional component and we're going to do that.
And basically, we have the button here for the collapse icon and then we have the standard menu.
And this is something you already know you used in the top navigation.
All right.
So we saved that.
And let's have a look how to use.
In the office.
React to since the existing the react component we have to import react from.
Import.
You can import react.
Oh, just to use that component, we can do structure component as well from React.
You could do that.
You can just remove the React from here.
And that's that's holding it.
Okay.
So looks like it might actually need to react.
So it's under that.
That's an.
And it's input here.
All right.
Now, you can see we have this beautiful side by many of this beautiful styling.
We can fix that, but otherwise it's pretty cool.
You can see it is collapsible.
You can open was beautiful.
Now there's a bit of issue.
We can fix that.
So here, first thing I want to do is make this a functional component, since we're using functional
components everywhere so that since this that is tuned to concept and NAV equals two and then we don't
need all this at all.
Yeah.
That now in
functional components we don't right still like that we want to bring in the hook to create a state
so that's.
Riot is already imported by default globally with next year.
But sometimes in some version of Nexus, you might still have to import artists.
Keep that in mind, but in our case, we didn't need that.
We just want to use it.
Use the state.
Don't hook.
All right.
So once you have that, we can just replace this one with the institute.
So.
Collapsed.
Since it collapsed, you state and give the different value of force.
So you can see in class components you do like that but in.
Procter Gamble.
This is how we do it and then will collapse.
We just have to double this value in the step, which is something very easy.
We can do it in line.
So let's just not to worry about this one scenario.
Instead.
On Glee.
All right.
Now we use our phones in.
Set collapsed and whatever value we have in the state, we just told Dolan that went all right.
So nice and easy.
That's the beauty of head of Fox in Poughkeepsie.
It's so good how we have to poll K since they're using the crit element we have to see the input react
to is student.
React and the new state.
Now we have one issue and that is the render.
So glass components you need to render it and then you put return here.
However, with functional component, we just need done that.
So let's remove the render and come all the way down and remove that carnivorous.
You know when you save PGA will outperform and your core arc beautiful.
So we go to the state, we get the region, we have the in-line one click function that tells the stated
valley.
All right, so that looks good.
Let's have a new state collapse.
So we still have that good.
Still let some of that.
We just need to collapse.
That is the state variables.
If it is collapsed, we show this item mini on food.
Otherwise we should menu for icon.
All right.
In Collapse line 32.
So they have this one as sitting room that.
That's.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Now we've converted this component to a functional component and silicon good.